WELCOME ONE AND ALL TO "THE LATE
SHOW."
I'M YOUR HOST STEPHEN COLBERT.
I FORGOT TO SAY THIS FRIDAY BUT
HAPPY MARCH, EVERYBODY.
WE MADE IT THROUGH FEBRUARY.
IT WAS SUCH AN ACCOMPLISHMENT TO
MAKE IT THROUGH FEBRUARY.
>> Jon: A TOUGH MONTH.
>> Stephen: ALSO HAPPY BUDGET
DAY.
THE PRESIDENT RELEASED HIS
2020 SPENDING PLAN, WHICH HE'S
CALLING "A BUDGET FOR A BETTER
AMERICA: PROMISES KEPT.
TAXPAYERS FIRST."
OKAY, PICK A SLOGAN.
( LAUGHTER )
JUST ONE.
THAT TITLE'S GOT A LITTLE
JUNK IN THE TRUNK.
BUT HE OVERDOES EVERYTHING.
IT'S ALWAYS TOO MUCH.
ORIGINALLY, TRUMP WANTED TO
CALL IT: "A BUDGET FOR A BETTER
AMERICA: FINGER LICKIN' GOOD.
WE ARE FARMERS.
BUM BAH DUM DAH BUM BAH DA BAH
BAH BAH.
I'M LOVIN' IT."
( LAUGHTER )
AND THE REVIEWS ARE ALREADY IN.
HOUSE DEMOCRATS RAVE, "DEAD ON
ARRIVAL," "NO CHANCE OF
PASSING," AND "DIVORCED FROM
REALITY.'"
( LAUGHTER )
IS THERE ANYTHING HE WON'T
DIVORCE?
( LAUGHTER )
♪ WHOA, NOW ♪
>> Stephen: DEMOCRATS HAVE A
VERY GOOD
REASON FOR OPPOSING THIS BUDGET:
IT INCLUDES A REQUEST FOR AT
LEAST $8.6 BILLION MORE IN
FUNDING FOR A WALL.
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
>> Stephen: YOU WERE A LITTLE
LATE, BUT THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
WE'VE BEEN HER BEFORE.
YOU KNOW THE OLD SAYING, "FOOL
ME ONCE-- WAIT A SEC, YOU DIDN'T
FOOL ME THE FIRST TIME, YOU'RE
ALREADY TRYING IT AGAIN!?"
( LAUGHTER )
BUT TRUMP'S BUDGET ISN'T
SUPPOSED TO APPEAL TO DEMOCRATS.
IT'S FOR HIS BASE IN THE RUN UP
TO 2020.
TO THAT END, TRUMP HAS LAUNCHED
A MASSIVE REELECTION EFFORT, LED
BY 2020 CAMPAIGN MANAGER AND
TIME-TRAVELING MEDIEVAL MONK,
BRAD PARSCALE.
HE BRAGS, "WE ARE CREATING THE
LARGEST CAMPAIGN OPERATION IN
AMERICAN HISTORY, AN UNSTOPPABLE
APPARATUS THAT WILL FOLLOW AND
IMPLEMENT PRESIDENT TRUMP'S
STRATEGY TO GREAT EFFECT."
YES, YOU KNOW YOU'RE THE GOOD
GUYS WHEN YOU BOAST ABOUT
HAVING: "THE UNSTOPPABLE
APPARATUS.
( LAUGHTER )
♪
EVERY CITIZEN WILL COME UNDER
ITS OMNIPOTENT SWAY, ONCE WE
IMPLEMENT: PROTOCOL OMEGA.
WE WILL GET OUT THE VOTE,
WITHOUT MERCY.
THANKS TO THE UNSTOPPABLE
APPARATUS."
( LAUGHTER )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
DID I BLACK OUT?
OF COURSE, BEFORE IT CAN CRUSH
US UNDER ITS IRON WHEELS OF
DESTINY, THE APPARATUS MUST BE
FED.
TRUMP'S ALREADY RAKING MONEY.
ON FRIDAY NIGHT, HE SPOKE TO
REPUBLICAN DONORS AT MAR-A-LAGO,
AND THINGS GOT A LITTLE WEIRD.
YOU'LL REMEMBER, LAST WEEK, WHEN
TRUMP MET WITH APPLE CEO TIM
COOK, AND HE DID THIS:
>> WE APPRECIATE IT VERY MUCH,
TIM-APPLE.
( LAUGHTER )
>> Stephen: YES, VERY MUCH.
>> Jon: THAT'S NOT HIS NAME.
>> Stephen: YEAH, TIM APPLE.
( LAUGHTER )
ONE OF THE THREE FAMOUS APPLE
BOYS, TIM, PINE AND CRAN.
( LAUGHTER )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
LET IT SINK IN.
OKAY, SO IT WAS FUNNY HE DID
THIS.
HA HA.
WE CERTAINLY MADE OUR JOKES.
TIM COOK, CHANGED HIS TWITTER
HANDLE TO TIM APPLE.
ALL IN GOOD FUN!
>> Jon: YEAH.
>> Stephen: AND IT WAS OVER.
BUT NOW, IT HAS BLOSSOMED INTO
AN ON-GOING NATIONAL SCANDAL
THAT WE'RE CALLING "APPLEGATE."
NOT CHRISTINA.
( LAUGHTER )
SHE'S A NATIONAL TREASURE.
AT THIS SELF-SAME,
AFOREMENTIONED FUNDRAISER, OF
WHICH I WAS JUST SPEAKING OF,
TRUMP RESURRECTED THE
CONTROVERSY BY TELLING THE
DONORS THAT HE ACTUALLY SAID
"TIM COOK APPLE" REALLY FAST,
AND THE "COOK" PART OF THE
SENTENCE WAS SOFT.
BUT ALL YOU HEARD FROM THE "FAKE
NEWS WAS "TIM APPLE."
( LAUGHTER )
MR. PRESIDENT, WORDS DON'T JUST
DISAPPEAR FROM THE MIDDLE OF
SENTENCES.
UNLESS IT'S CBS BLEEPING ME WHEN
I SAY EXCUSES LIKE THIS ARE
(  BLEEP  ) INSANE.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
( APPLAUSE )
DID I SAY "APPLE-ING INSANE"?
WE'LL NEVER KNOW.
MAYBE I'M WRONG.
MAYBE HE'S NOT APPLED IN THE
HEAD.
( LAUGHTER )
LET'S SLOW THAT CLIP WAY DOWN
AND BOOST THE VOLUME SO WE CAN
HEAR THE MIDDLE PART.
>> WE APPRECIATE IT VERY MUCH,
TIM --
>> COOK, THE C.E.O. OF --
-- APPLE.
>> STEPHEN: CHECKS OUT.
>> Jon: I HEARD IT THAT TIME.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: WE WERE WRONG.
DAMN YOU, FAKE NEWS.
THAT CHECKS OUT.
EVEN TRUMP'S OWN DONORS, WHO HAD
TO DONATE AT LEAST SIX FIGURES
TO GET INTO THIS EVENT, KNEW THE
STORY WAS NUTS.
ONE TOLD REPORTERS, "I JUST
THOUGHT, WHY WOULD YOU LIE ABOUT
THAT.
IT DOESN'T EVEN MATTER!"
( LAUGHTER )
"YES, I WAS THERE AT THE DONOR
EVENT, AND I TURNED TO MY WIFE
AND SAID, THIS MAN WILL LIE
ABOUT LITERALLY ANYTHING!
( LAUGHTER )
HAND ME MY CHECKBOOK.
TRUMP 2020!"
( LAUGHTER )
BIG CHECK.
( PIANO RIFF )
NO ONE BELIEVED HIS LIE, SO
TRUMP HAS ALREADY RELEASED LIE
2.0.
THIS MORNING HE TWEETED, "AT A
RECENT ROUND TABLE MEETING OF
BUSINESS EXECUTIVES, AND LONG
AFTER FORMALLY INTRODUCING TIM
COOK OF APPLE, I QUICKLY
REFERRED TO TIM "PLUS" APPLE AS
TIM "SLASH" APPLE AS AN EASY WAY
TO SAVE TIME AND WORDS.
THE FAKE NEWS WAS DISPARAGINGLY
ALL OVER THIS, AND IT BECAME YET
ANOTHER BAD TRUMP STORY!"
SO, AFTER NO ONE BELIEVED THAT
HE SECRETLY WHISPERED HIS NAME
AND TITLE, TRUMP CLAIMED HE WAS
SHORTENING IT TO SAVE TIME.
TIME HE COULD BE SPENDING WITH
HIS KIDS.
( LAUGHTER )
BECAUSE, ON THEIR DEATH BED,
EVERYONE SAYS THE SAME THING.
"I HAVE ONLY ONE REGRET, THAT I
WASTED SO MUCH OF MY LIFE ON
SAYING LAST NAMES INSTEAD OF
OCCUPATIONS.
( LAUGHTER )
DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKES I
DID, LITTLE JOHNNY PAPER ROUTE."
( LAUGHTER )
( PIANO RIFF )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
VERY DEEPLY INTO CHARACTER THERE
FOR JUST A MOMENT.
AT THE FUNDRAISER, TRUMP ALSO
ROLLED OUT SOME BRAND NEW
OPPONENT NICKNAMES.
HE CALLED BIDEN "THE DUMMY."
BALLSY, CONSIDERING HIS RUNNING
MATE IS A MANNEQUIN.
( LAUGHTER )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
MOTHER.
TRUMP'S ALSO DOING SOME
THOUGHTFUL REBRANDING, REVEALING
THAT INSTEAD OF "CRAZY BERNIE."
HE NOW CALLS SANDERS "THE NUTTY
PROFESSOR."
( LAUGHTER )
NICE.
TOPICAL.
REALLY GOING AFTER THE YOUTH
VOTE WITH HIS 50 YEAR OLD
REFERENCE.
AND HE'S RIGHT.
BERNIE SANDERS LOOKS EXACTLY
LIKE JERRY LEWIS.
"HEY LADY, THE 1% CONTROL 90% OF
THE WEALTH.
OH, DEAN, TUITION SHOULD BE FREE
FOR EVERYONE!
HEALTHCARE IS A HOIDEN!"
WITH THE HAY AND THE NICE AND
THE LOVE.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪
TRUMP ALSO WAS A LITTLE BUMMED
OUT ABOUT ELIZABETH WARREN,
SAYING HIS ATTACKS ON HER "TOOK
HER OUT REALLY EARLY" AND THAT
AS A RESULT, HE WANTED TO SAVE
HIS MOST WITHERING LINES ABOUT
OTHER DEMOCRATS FOR LATER IN THE
PRIMARY.
"TIMING IS EVERYTHING.
I'M WAITING UNTIL I ADDRESS THE
U.N.
GENERAL ASSEMBLY TO CALL THE
FORMER GOVERNOR OF COLORADO
'JOHN LICKS-HISPOOPER.'.
OOPS-- BROKE IT OUT TOO EARLY.
JUST CAN'T TURN OFF THIS THING."
( LAUGHTER )
ON HIS WAY TO MAR A LAGO, TRUMP
STOPPED IN ALABAMA TO TOUR THE
TORNADO DAMAGE THERE AND HE
CAUGHT SOME HEAT FOR SIGNING
SOMETHING FOR HIS SUPPORTERS:
BIBLES.
IT'S A REAL COLLECTOR'S ITEM.
NOT EVERYONE HAS A BIBLE SIGNED
PRESIDENT "AAAAAAAAAAHHH!"
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )